[MUSIC]
Internet of Things is a pretty
popular buzzword right now.
But it's not one of those passing fads.
Internet of Things is actually
an important concept that's
making changes to society right now.
So, welcome to Module One, and
we'll be talking about Internet
of Things over the entire course.
But in this module we'll
basically define the term.
It's used in many different ways
depending on the speaker and
their motivations and so on.
But we'll break down the term,
talk about it, give some examples.
So you get some kind of an intuitive
understanding of what an Internet of
Things device is, and what it is not.
Also, we'll talk about various trends,
technology trends that lead to Internet of
Things, that allow it, that enable it
effectively, and make it all possible.
And, we'll talk a little bit
about the impact on society.
Of having things embedded in everywhere
that are watching you at all times and
are networked.
So I will talk about that privacy
issues and things like that.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]